Meeting Title: Letter scanning app — QR codes, AI explanations, and multi-language support
Date: Jun 25
Meeting participants: Haider Toha

Transcript:
 
Me: Okay, cool. Sweet. So we should be running in the background. Brilliant. That's right. Right. Okay. Yeah, it's running now. Okay. Yeah, cool. So, yeah, to just kind of summarize what I was thinking, roughly along those lines is just getting to the end. Yeah, you have a letter. Letter is a QR code. So every letter has a unique profile. So you as a user, in terms of thinking about, like, tables and schemas, like, this might just be kind of my back end stuff. But where I'm kind of visualizing my head is I have a table. Of, like, users. So that user has a profile, and then every letter is an entry in, like, a letter table. So they have, like, some kind of relationship between the letter and the profile of the person so we can keep track of all the letters that's been sent to for this given person. Yeah. So we know that second, the actual letter itself, it'll just be the kind of the normal text, the normal letter as is. At the bottom right corner or whatever will have a QR code. The QR code itself would have the encoded information for the profile of the person. And that could be kind of like a hash, like a deterministic hash of the unique profile of that person. So the name and the address, that could be and also the letters unique reference code. Yeah, those can be combined to create a hash. That would be deterministic every time. Right. So that will be encoded into the QR code. So that's the lookup. Yes, that's the lookup. Look them up. Look them up. Yeah. So it's going to be some level of, like, a sequel query, if you will. I don't know how, like, again, I don't know yet, but this is my idea, right? It's kind of QR code, and it also has the actual content of the letter itself. So I'm just thinking, like, we probably, like, kind of thinking about long term, right? Just for the solution. Like, if you have, like, the letter itself and we already have processes semantically and already have the embeddings generated, when we understand the semantic meaning. Yeah. Tosh that basically 11 Labs agent or API. And I don't know which ones, like, the best can they use here? You're gonna need to do research. If, for example, I look into the research and, like, 11 Labs agent can just have the documents themselves. And if there is a way to kind of combine my database with 11 Labs such that I can send this document itself, the PDF that I have on my database, I just send that PDF. To a runtime. So what I'm thinking is. Like, someone scans the QR code. They know which letter it is because they know the unique reference code of the letter. While it loads some kind of API query to my database to fetch that. In its context window. Yeah. That solves a lot of problem around the embedding and stuff. Yeah. Now, I don't need to worry about embedding stuff. Right. 11 apps can handle all of this. Yeah. So it could be a nice way. I don't know. Let's double check with them if that's possible. I'll probably do a set of clothes to do research. But if I can inject that letter. Yeah. Then it can have, like, let's say three options. I'm thinking just a normal screen. Can I draw somewhere? I think it depends what we want the person to be able to do with the matter. That's a very good. You just want it to read it aloud, or do we want. So a couple things. I guess first thing is, like, explaining kind of in more plain language. Yeah. Very simplified. Just get rid of all the jargon and the extra thing you need. Like, for example, like giving, like, a very concise summary. Right. That's one thing that could be done in English. You could also have translation. So this is why I'm thinking multi-language support. It's like super nice. Yeah. So, like, for example, explain this to me. And this could also not be type, but it could be voice as well. Yeah. So the person could say with their voice on type, both options. Yeah. I'll see if, like, typing is the easiest to implement. I'll just go ahead with time because TTS is kind of like techie. So if you don't have to do voice as an input, that's fine. Yeah. But, like, then you can say, oh, can you translate this for me in welsh? And explain to me in wild. Yeah. And then it could either breed back. Or it could type it. And I'm thinking for the kind of the demos and stuff, I think what would be nice now that I kind of go backtrack on it, but an end-to-end voice would be like a voice chat would be kind of good. Yeah. To kind of show up the 11 Labs capability. A nice way to use the tech. Yeah. So cool. So you, you come in and it'll be like, okay, so you press the microphone button or whatever in the UI again, I'm thinking, that's what I was saying. Can I do free drawing? It's kind of. I love an excited. So let's say that's my phone, right? And I'm thinking I could have few already, like. Pre kind of filled text boxes. Yeah. With questions like. Explain what does tax code, this tax code name. Yeah. So we prompt, they scan it because I'm picturing, you know, how they feel. They probably get the letter and think this is important, I don't know what it means. Yeah. So they're going to want to pick this up and maybe they don't know what to ask. Maybe they haven't got a specific problem. Yeah. So I guess then, like the first thing would be. So. Yeah, cool. So I guess that could be one of the questions. Yeah. We could say, like, for example, explain this right now in a concise way. This nicely in a concise manner explained, like, I'm five. It's kind of thing, like in Reddit, right? Yeah. So. Yeah. So, like, explain this in a nice. So I'm thinking we also have a text box, so. Yeah. I'm pretty here. So this could be my actual text box. Yeah. Right. And you could say, like, for example. Here you can see loaded contacts. Yeah. File name PDF dot PDF. Yeah. Okay. Then it tells you exactly what if loaded, why has access to, etc. Etc. Yeah. So. Okay, cool. So this could be a type and then we can have, like, the kind of the. You could have a voice. The voice. Right. This could be the voice. This could be the mic. That's good. And then obviously you can flush it out a little bit. This is like roughly what I'm thinking, but it's nice. I like the prompt a lot. Yeah. If you're good to sort of. Have a record of what you've asked already and be able to sort of dig into that more, we could have multiple chats then. Oh, yes. Like, because it'll be kind of actually numb. Assuming it doesn't create a profile of you. Assuming it's just lesser by lighter basis. How can you therefore track? Like, the only way you could do this is, like, by having either sun into your hmrc account or whatever, or like some kind of government account. Yeah. Whereby you can see your previous tightness, literally like chat GPT. You have a little menu icon. It pops up. You see all. And you can get a history of all your charts and it can click into all of them. I'm also thinking about, for example, kind of one aspect of the agent. The reason I kind of want to use an 11 apps agent is like, I know you can ground it by a web search or like documents. Right. So my idea is therefore to also have some government document in the, for example, if you're using tax, I don't know which domain is the best to do so. But if you were to use tax, then you got off, you basically find all the relevant documents. Like, what does this tax code mean? Yeah. Etc. Etc. All of that stuff. Yeah. You can all either scrape all of that and then store it as rag. Or if 11 Labs at runtime can do their website. That's great. Yeah. Right. Then I don't even have to do any of it. It's like in the system prompt, we say ground everything with a website. Right. And then the actual UI, like, we'll have, like, the thinking stuff. I think that would be nice. The streaming streaming will be kind of difficult, but if you can pull it off, that would be great. That would look sick. We need to give them some actions. They've, like, deciphered the letter. Yeah, but maybe there's a way to take a next step through the app as well. So could it direct them out to a relevant service? Or I guess we need to look at the letters. The letters themselves. If you can find the letter where there's, like, a follow-up action, you have to do. Yeah. It's a tool as well as. Yes, that's actually pretty good. So that's a good point. So we could have a letter that is asking you to do something to action, right? For example, because that's your whole idea of getting rid of the queue. Yeah. So the app could take over from the cool operator as well. In some cases and give them a next step. I'm thinking, yeah. So, like, let's say the letter itself is asking you to fill in, like, some kind of fall. Like, it has some. You have to explain what the form is. Sorry. The latter is talking about. Then as a follow-up it says you have to fill in this extra form or you have to mail this or whatever. Whatever meal wouldn't work. But, like, let's say it has to fill in a form in a government portal. So you can then say it's like it gives you a little prompt after the end of the message. It's like actions. Yeah. Right. And then you can click, you can decide which one to do. Yeah. Or you can ask to, like, explain what the actions it be and what, what the breakdown. So we can even, like, go one step. Deeper and say, okay, for this action, I'll be like, okay, can you actually explain what you, what you're going to do for this action? Or what do you need from money as an input? Yeah. Yeah. Like an impact. So you're making it easier to understand what you interact and then fill in the form. And then ideally, like, we can basically mop that. It's like you click on it, it pulls up, let's say, to another tab and it fills in like a. Yeah. Right. And we can say it's a browser agent or something. Yeah, that's great. So you can definitely do that. Like, that is very much mockable. Right. Because that's, it feels like this is the kind of MVP. And then we could layer on translation and stuff like that. I think translation should be a pillar. I think, for example, explain in a nicer way, translate in a different language. Fully voice to voice. Or it could be also like text. The option and voice. So I think that's, that's what I'm thinking. Yeah. Cool. What I think what I'll do is I'm going to stop the 